4.3.0 Getting started enhancement Stage 1 (#5002)
wazuh/wazuh-documentation: source/getting-started/use-cases/log-analysis.rst

    <group>authentication_failed,pci_dss_10.2.4,pci_dss_10.2.5,gpg13_7.1,gdpr_IV_35.7.d,gdpr_IV_32.2,hipaa_164.312.b,nist_800_53_AU.14,nist_800_53_AC.7,tsc_CC6.1,tsc_CC6.8,tsc_CC7.2,tsc_CC7.3,</group>
  </rule>

> Rules include a ``match`` field used to define the pattern that the rule search. They also have a ``level`` field that specifies the priority of the resulting alerts. Besides, rules enrich events with technique identifiers from the MITRE ATT&CK framework and regulatory compliance controls.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Rules include a ``match`` field used to define the pattern that the rule looks for. They also have a ``level`` field that specifies the priority of the resulting alerts. Besides, rules enrich events with technique identifiers from the MITRE ATT&CK framework and mappings to regulatory compliance controls.
```
